>> Brian Holt: Now let's go ahead and
fix this error down here.
So it has this key error.
So for the most part it reacts pretty
smart about the way it optimizes your
code.
And then using some interesting heuristics
it can kind of figure out a bunch of
interesting parts about it.
But this particular case is one
case that they kind of ask for
your help to optimize your code.
>> Brian Holt: So imagine we had
a sort on our different shows.
So that we could sort by release date,
we could sort by
rating, views, anything like that.
So we were taking
the same bits of data and
we are re-arranging it
into different pieces.
Well, all React sees is on one render,
I saw that I had House of Cards,
Daredevil, Orange is the New Black.
I had all these different objects.
And then on the re-render it sees
all of these things have changed.
It has no idea that these things
are actually the same objects, but
just in a different order.
It has no handle, no way of knowing that.
So what that actually means is it's
just going to blow up everything and
then re-render everything.
Now this ends up being kind of a problem.
Because like these are kind
of simple components but
emerges [INAUDIBLE] like deeply
nested huge amounts of components,
lots of different really
bad things going on.
Not really bad just really complex things.
Destroying and re-rendering actually
ends up being really, really expensive.
If you have ephemeral data,
it gets even worse.
Then you have to make Ajax calls and
things like that.
So what React asks you to do,
is it says, give me a key.
That I could check, just do a shallow
check is key equal to key, yes.
But now they're out of order, I'm just
going to take this and move it down here.
And so it doesn't have to
recreate all of that DOM for you.
Does that make sense of why key exists?
>> Brian Holt: So if we go here
to ShowCard and we give it a key.
We have to give it some unique identifier
that's always going to be the same, right?
Just some sort of ID.
So that each one of them has an imdbID,
which we can guarantee is unique for
each one of them.
You could give it the title
if you didn't have an imdb.
But in this particular this is
an easy one for it to identify.
So that's a good one to use,
so we'll use that one.
So now if we save that and
refresh, now that warning's gone.
>> Audience 1: So you mentioned that for
the key it has to be unique?
So in this case, it would be a bad idea
to use the index parameter on a map.
Because that might change if
that data changed at all.
>> Brian Holt: So why that doesn't work
super well is if I have Daredevil at
number one, right?
And then I resort it and
Daredevil is number five, that equality
check it's not gonna be the same, right?
Furthermore it's gonna be bad because now
there's gonna be something else in number
ones position.
So there's no mapping from
the index to the object.
So that's a poor key to use.
>> Audience 1: Okay, first question is,
how long until the next break?
Someone has to leave but
they want to wait till the next break.
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH] Give me 10 minutes.
>> Audience 1: 10 minutes, okay great.
Next question from Anton, this is a little
complicated so hopefully I'll get this.
Is it a good idea to return the ShowCard
component in one line by using the arrow
functions feature?
>> Audience 1: The short
way of doing that?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so
what our friend is referring to,
is you can actually write this like this.
Oops.
>> Brian Holt: Is this okay?
It's a little dense for my taste.
But if you don't put curly
braces with arrow functions,
there is an implicit return.
So in this particular case,
there's an implicit return
of show card as a component.
Is that okay?
Like I said, I feel it's just a little
dense for my taste, but it works.
My mantra is always air on the side
of readability and maintainability.
Because I wanna be able to look at this
and instantly understand what's going on.
I don't have to unpack this in my mind.
So I like arrow functions and
implicit returns.
But just maybe not in this case cuz
I feel like this is too dense for me.
>> Audience 1: Okay, they are asking
if you could recap the issue
with key again please.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
So basically if we start rearranging
our ShowCards, we want React to
very quickly be able to tell this
object and this object are the same.
Despite the fact that before
this was index zero and
next it was index ten, right?
We want React to have a very quick way to
identify these two are the same object.
So we basically say here's
a unique identifier.
If you compare this and they're the same,
I guarantee you this is the same object.
And so React is then able to do quick
comparisons to say, keep this DOM or
don't keep this DOM.
That's the gist.
>> Audience 1: And the issue about using
just the index as opposed to an actual ID?
>> Brian Holt: The reason you want to
do that is that if you start resorting
things, their index is
not going to correlate.
So if I have
>> Brian Holt: 'a',
'b', 'c', right, and
all of a sudden I want to search.
So this is going to be index zero.
This is going to be index one and
this is going to be index two.
On the next iteration I say hey
sort by reverse alphabetical order.
This is going to be c, this is going
to be b, and this is going to be a.
>> Brian Holt: And
those indexes still apply, right?
On iteration one, a is zero, right?
On the second iteration, c is zero.
These are not the same strings.
I need the key to always
correspond to the same object.
So I need this a and
this a to be the same one.
So that's why the key needs to be,
correspond to the same object always.
>> Audience 1: Francois is having
an issue that their browser will not
refresh if they are having
any linter errors.
>> Brian Holt: Their browser won't refresh
if there's having any linter errors?
The browser should refresh
if there's linter errors but
if there's web pack errors,
Webpack won't build.
And if web pack won't build then
you don't get any new code.
You're stuck with the old code from
the last time you successively built.
So my intuition tells me that that's not
a linter error, that's a Webpack error.
Which means this is
probably a syntax error or
something that basically Webpack
doesn't know how to build anymore.
>> Audience 1: Yeah.
They are saying they're seeing
a linter error in the browser.
>> Brian Holt: That might happen.
>> Brian Holt: All right, so
>> Brian Holt: I'm not,
but I know it has the ability
to output those to the console.
Which is a nice feature cuz then you
can see those errors in real time.
>> Audience 1: Someone else is also saying
they got React prop types ES lint error.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah I know,
I'm gonna fix those.
>> Audience 1: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Let me go ahead and
push up a new branch though.
>> Audience 1: Donarte is asking if they
should call dumb components from inside
other dumb components.
Or use a smart component
to put everything together?
>> Brian Holt: I don't know if
you can make that generalization.
I'm assuming when they say smart or dumb,
that they're thinking stateless functional
components versus reacts,
create class or something like that.
My rule of thumb.
And again I'll cover this tomorrow.
Is use stateless functional components
when they fit and when they don't,
use the other one you prefer.